README.md, before:

# :nerd_face: SICP notes

A few notes about the book SICP (Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs) from MIT Press

## status - in development

Tested on Ubuntu 18.04

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/mrseanryan)

## web sites

### SICP book

https://mitpress.mit.edu/sites/default/files/sicp/index.html

#### source code from the book

https://mitpress.mit.edu/sites/default/files/sicp/code/index.html

#### exercise solutions

http://community.schemewiki.org/?sicp-solutions

http://www.billthelizard.com/search/label/sicp

### Scheme language (LISP + Algol)

http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/projects/scheme/

http://community.schemewiki.org/

http://web.mit.edu/~axch/www/scheme/choices/mit-scheme.html

#### Scheme implementations

##### mit-scheme - very basic

http://web.mit.edu/~axch/www/scheme/choices/mit-scheme.html

**mit-scheme files**

The standard file extensions are `.scm` or `.ss`

but `.clj` (Clojure) is similar and has better Visual Code support (e.g. formatting).

**mit-scheme and Visual Code Extensions**

This repo has a workspace setup with some recommended extensions, that help with formatting Scheme files.

##### racket - more fully developed

racket is possibly the most complete implementation of Scheme,
with graphics support, and its own IDE (DrRacket)

https://docs.racket-lang.org/

https://docs.racket-lang.org/quick/index.html

## authors

Notes are by Sean Ryan - mr.sean.ryan(at gmail.com) - any errors are entirely mine!

## licence = MIT

This repo is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Update readme about racket and further reading including scala

README.md, after:

# :nerd_face: SICP notes

A few notes about the book SICP (Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs) from MIT Press

## status - in development

Tested on Ubuntu 18.04

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/mrseanryan)

## web sites

### SICP book

https://mitpress.mit.edu/sites/default/files/sicp/index.html

#### source code from the book

https://mitpress.mit.edu/sites/default/files/sicp/code/index.html

#### exercise solutions

http://community.schemewiki.org/?sicp-solutions

http://www.billthelizard.com/search/label/sicp

### Scheme language (LISP + Algol)

http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/projects/scheme/

http://community.schemewiki.org/

http://web.mit.edu/~axch/www/scheme/choices/mit-scheme.html

#### Scheme implementations

##### mit-scheme - very basic

http://web.mit.edu/~axch/www/scheme/choices/mit-scheme.html

**mit-scheme files**

The standard file extensions are `.scm` or `.ss`

but `.clj` (Clojure) is similar and has better Visual Code support (e.g. formatting).

**mit-scheme and Visual Code Extensions**

This repo has a workspace setup with some recommended extensions, that help with formatting Scheme files.

##### racket - more fully developed language?

racket is possibly a more complete implementation of Scheme,
with graphics support, and its own IDE (DrRacket)

*"instead of a “minimalist” language—which is the way that Scheme is often described — Racket offers a rich language with an extensive set of libraries and tools"*

https://docs.racket-lang.org/

https://docs.racket-lang.org/quick/index.html

## further reading (beyond SICP)

- How to Design Programs - https://htdp.org/

### Racket

- Web Applications in Racket - https://docs.racket-lang.org/continue/index.html

- Systems Programming with Racket - https://docs.racket-lang.org/more/index.html

- The Racket Guide - https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/index.html

### Scala

[Scala and SICP](https://blog.usejournal.com/quickly-learning-the-basics-of-scala-through-structure-and-interpretation-of-computer-programs-ed5bfa90e8dc?gi=e39cb84eef6c)

- Quickly learning the basics of Scala through Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs…

[book: Functional programming in Scala](https://www.bol.com/nl/p/functional-programming-in-scala/9200000011141605/?Referrer=ADVNLGOO002008J-VTCEETBYONRDO-312194578750&gclsrc=aw.ds&ds_rl=1263476&Referrer=ADVNLGOO002008J-VTCEETBYONRDO-312194578750&gclid=CjwKCAjw4LfkBRBDEiwAc2DSlGXukuy5losEz-q9Z7Cp8iPYBdnJOhDyNth5y1Bbh1uqG3qnJfLe4hoCBDYQAvD_BwE)

## authors

Notes are by Sean Ryan - mr.sean.ryan(at gmail.com) - any errors are entirely mine!

## licence = MIT

This repo is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
